we're about to work we were off for two
weeks for summer vacation we send best
wishes to those of you who are or may be
in the path of Hurricane Dorian you know
they've ordered evacuations in Florida
Georgia North Carolina South Carolina
this is a big one this is no joke
this hurricane unless of course you're a
part of the graphics team at Fox 5 in
New York we'll have to wait and see what
goes on with that but Dorian's actually
has more of a threat for the lesser
antilles over the next couple of days
forecast to see winds at around 65 miles
per hour very excited in these types of
situations anyway it's good to be back
you know the most interesting take on
the storm in my opinion was not from a
meteorologist it came from a random guy
in Florida yes who believes that we
could put a stop to these storms if we
just use the resources we already have
do you see how they haven't come up with
some kind of way to come come back these
storms yet they keep saying no two days
ago three days ago oh it's all this warm
weather and warm water we have a Navy
why don't the Navy come and drop rice in
the warm water so it thought they can't
get going as fast as it's going there's
got to be ways to combat this instead of
just pointing at the thing and say well
it's I know it's getting worse that we
know it's getting worse but you tell us
oh it's the warm weather bow it's the
wind
well we have an air force right so if
was planes around to get the winds going
the opposite way the Navy they won't
with circles to fight the other way
you know the answer is right there in
face
waiting for a man in a crazy Hawaiian
shirt to alert us would trump just named
him director of FEMA by the way the
president has been tweeting up a storm
about this storm which he believes to be
the big least he's ever seen is possibly
the biggest I am Not sure I'm not sure
that I've ever even heard of the
category five I knew it existed and I've
seen some category of course you don't
even see them that much the category 5
is something that I know it's there ok
so he's never heard of a category 5
hurricane before except for well though
this is four months ago back in May I've
just come from a stop at Tyndall Air
Force Base where I saw the devastating
effects of that category 5 category 5
never heard about category 5s before
category 5 is big stuff he'd never heard
of a dad and he said he never heard of a
category 5 about 10 different times when
Maria hit Puerto Rico this is the fourth
category five sensitive president he has
the memory and skin tone of a goldfish
this man but while the storm was a Bruin
the president was a golf and he played a
round of golf at his club in Virginia on
Saturday and another one yesterday but
his press secretary defended decision
she said the president received hourly
updates while he was on the course golf
she said that like it sounds like a good
thing you know all this nonsense I
noticed this while I was gone really
sinks in when you're away from it for a
while since we left for vacation the
president canceled the trip to Poland to
monitor Dorian from his Golf Course in
Virginia tweeted 514 times tried to buy
Greenland and threw a fit when they
wouldn't sell it suggested firing a
nuclear missile at a hurricane announced
he would be suing people who work for
him for violating confidentiality
agreements attacked grace from Willa
grace Debra Messing predicted Sean
Spicer will do great on Dancing with the
Stars congratulated Poland on the
anniversary of the knots
invasion fired his longtime assistant
who reportedly got drunk and told
journalists that Trump doesn't like to
be photographed with his daughter
Tiffany because he believes her to be
overweight and wished a happy birthday
to Regis which that I don't mind
happy birthday Regis but this thing to
Tiffany don't encourage him
after the story about Tiffany bro Trump
who again fired his longtime assistant
for this with trouble is in the unique
position of having to convince reporters
that even though he fired the woman for
saying he didn't want his daughter
around he had to tell him he never said
he didn't want his daughter around here
he is responding to the question have
you spoken to Tiffany we have a call in
she's going to be calling me back as
soon as I get to Camp David I'm gonna
say it's just absolutely false she's a
wonderful person she studied so hard
she's a great student and she's just a
great she's a great person so I look
forward to talking her I'll be talking
to her as soon as I get and I love
Tiffany if it is a great person thank
you very much for Tiffany her father
shows more affection for kim jeong-hoon
than he does
meanwhile the vice president Mike Pence
and his family are in Ireland on
official government business just when
he thought Ireland couldn't get any
wider the income defenses and while
they're in Ireland they're staying at
the president's Golf Resort he has a
Golf Resort in Doon bag even though
doumbek is 181 miles from Dublin which
is where pence is having his meetings
Trump apparently suggested pence stay at
his hotel while he's there and pence
said wuff wuff which is his way of
saying yes I will and while some took
exception to the vice president's choice
of hotel the fact that the u.s. governor
is paying for rooms at a Trump owned
hotel Mike Pence had no comprehensible
thoughts on that subject at all just to
give you a chance to respond
Democrats have criticized you today for
staying at the Trump property in dune
Begg they say your enriching the
president what's your response to that
criticism this wonderful to be back in
our
for many reasons Ireland is so important
to the United States for America as a
trading partner but in so many ways for
more than 30 million Americans Ireland
his family and I'm one of them he's like
a broken Teddy Ruxpin doll you think
Mike Pence would eat dog food if Trump
told him to I bet he would but the vice
Britain's visit to doon beg is historic
it is the first time a Trump property
has ever stayed at a Trump property the
White House deputy press secretary
tweeted about this trip last night this
is good this is a real tweet from a
senior official on the White House
communications team it refers to the
fact that you know the prime minister of
Ireland is gay so this guy wrote for all
of you who still think our VP is
anti-gay I point you to his and the
second lady scheduled tomorrow where
they will join T Shockley over Edgar and
his partner daughter dr. Matthew Barrett
for lunch in Ireland so I guess that
settles that he had lunch with gay
people and did he throw up that's that
isn't proof that he's open-minded pants
by the way is travelling with his wife
and his mother which that's gotta be
good because you know he calls his wife
mother so what does he call his mother
why hunters snookums perhaps if you
liked that video click the subscribe
button but only if you're ready for
commitment